# Resources
- [UG1087: Zynq UltraScale+ Devices Register Reference](https://www.xilinx.com/html_docs/registers/ug1087/ug1087-zynq-ultrascale-registers.html)
- [XEN Beginer Guide](https://wiki.xenproject.org/wiki/Xen_Project_Beginners_Guide)

# Erratas
**!!Launch tools from shell, don't use shortcut!!**

---
## Lab 1

### 2-1-1

**Error:** Right-click **dot_product** and select **C/C++ Build Settings**.

**Fix:** Expand **APU_intro_sys**, right-click on **dot_product_app** and select **C/C++ Build Settings**.

### 2-2-2
**Error**: ... and its partner, disassemble_O3.tcl which you will create later...

**Fix**: ... and its partner, disassemble_O2.tcl which you will create later...

### 3-2-1

**Error:** Return to the Linux terminal.

**Fix:** Return to the Vitis terminal.

## Lab 2

### 2-3-3
If You get error like Permision denied:
``` sh
$ source ./QEMU_run_RPU_app.sh 
bash: /home/xilinx/training/tools/qemu-system-aarch64: Permission denied
```

Set qemu-system-aarch64 is executable:

``` sh
$ chmod +x /home/xilinx/training/tools/qemu-system-aarch64
```

## Lab 4
### 5-5-15
Check **Use default** undo **Working directory** field
Or set any existing directory on the rootfs, in other case You get error, when tcf try connect.

### 5-6-3
**Error:** ...click **Continue/Run** to execute...

**Fix:** ...click **Resume** button to execute...

## Lab 5

### 5-7-2

After call `xl sched-credit -s` You get error: `root@petalnx_proj:~# Cpupool Pool-0: [sched params unavailable]`. Why? See answer at 5-7-3.

### 5-7-3
For open file use:

`nano $XenHypervisor_Config_Use/lab/petalnx_proj/images/linux/xen_boot_tftp.source`

or

`gedit $XenHypervisor_Config_Use/lab/petalnx_proj/images/linux/xen_boot_tftp.source`

or

`cat $XenHypervisor_Config_Use/lab/petalnx_proj/images/linux/xen_boot_tftp.source`

## Lab 7

> **_NOTE:_** Fix 1-3-2 and 1-6-1 is depracated, use it, if You got error only!

### 1-3-2
**Error** `repo init -u git://github.com/Xilinx/yocto-manifests.git -b rel-v2020.1` will return error:
```
fatal: manifest 'default.xml' not available
fatal: <project> invalid "path": .: bad component: .
```

**Fix**

1. Open file default.xml `nano .repo/manifests/default.xml`
2. Remove dot from path for yocto-scripts: path="." -> path = ""
3. Save changes and close
4. Repeat repo init ...

### 1-6-1

Before call `sources setupsdk` You need move setupsdk from yocto-scripts folder: `mv ./yocto-scripts/* ./`  

### 3-4-2
*Error:* Add the following line at the end of the file (line 226)

*Fix:* Add the following line at the end of the file

## Lab 8
### 4-6-1
**Error:** If prompted for the password, enter the super user password CustEd@20_1.

**Fix:** Launch gtkterm without sudo, because user xilinx is added to group dialout, and can get access for USB2UART bridge driver.

## Lab 9
### 2-1-1
**Error:** ... project under FRTOS_sys > ProdCons_app > src.

**Fix:** ... project under FRTOS_sys > proCon_app > src.

## Lab 10

### 3-3-3
Replace ModCustomInit(); to ModPingPongInit();

## Lab 11
## 3-7
Skip that step, if You want continue with QEMU(is not necessary part).

## Lab 12
### 2-4
Must be skiped in class. We done it on the board.

## Lab 13

### 3-6-4

**Error** 

Need correct sdhci controller, in other case, reboot will be cause boot error.

**Fix** 

```
&watchdog0 {
	status = "okay";
	timeout = <60>;
	reset-on-timeout;
};

&sdhci1 {
	status = "okay";
	xlnx,has-cd = <0x1>;
	xlnx,has-power = <0x0>;
	xlnx,has-wp = <0x1>;
	disable-wp;
	no-1-8-v;
};
```

## Lab 14

### 1-5-6

**Error:** For clarity, the options should be: -c -fmessage-length=0-MT"$@"

**Fix:** For clarity, the options should be: -c -fmessage-length=0 -MT"$@"


